README.md, before:

# Live C++

A C/C++ compiler front-end with fully automatic live/hot reload support.

## TODO

- Support for unity builds for standalone and shared.

- Use the same canonical paths as GCC does in the header/module map, and use , instead of resolving it.
- Support for importing header files -> merge the header file and the module file somehow:
-- If --use-header-units is not used, the same file needs to be able to be used as an header if included and as a module if explicitly imported. (prob just treat it as a module header file, doesnt matter if some files have to wait a bit longer before its ready)
- Imported headers should become header units automatically (maybe add two versions?)
-- we can see if they're header unist based on "" / <>

- Add a --keep-alive option, which rebuilds the given target each time there is a change.
-- Rebuild dependencies: reanalyse dependencies for all changes files, and rebuild the map where applicable
- Check if clang or livecc changed and recompile if so.
- Fix module support: actually build the two thingies.
- During live reload: build the normal object file on an extra thread, to allow quicker restart.
- Add a good help screen, with examples.
- Use inotify to check for file changes while running in live reload mode.
- Replace a lot of uses of fs::path and std::string to not allocate.
- Test what happens with missing files and what should happen
- Support C style pch
- GCC support by adding an support for -fmodule-mapper: https://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/cxx-modules#CMI_Location.

- More sensible default warning maybe?1

Commit message:

Added static and shared library support, as well as livecc.args

README.md, after:

# Live C++

A C/C++ compiler front-end with fully automatic live/hot reload support.

## TODO

- Support for unity builds for standalone and shared.

- Use the same canonical paths as GCC does in the header/module map, and use , instead of resolving it.
- Support for importing header files -> merge the header file and the module file somehow:
-- If --use-header-units is not used, the same file needs to be able to be used as an header if included and as a module if explicitly imported. (prob just treat it as a module header file, doesnt matter if some files have to wait a bit longer before its ready)
- Imported headers should become header units automatically (maybe add two versions?)
-- we can see if they're header unist based on "" / <>

- Replace setDLLCallback with just a regular function call
-- Use a macro to use it only when LIVE_CC is used.
-- We can do more talking to the compiler using this method.
-- See if we need livecc to load a dll containing this function or we can ust include it in livecc.

- Add a --keep-alive option, which rebuilds the given target each time there is a change.
-- Rebuild dependencies: reanalyse dependencies for all changes files, and rebuild the map where applicable
- Check if clang or livecc changed and recompile if so.
- Fix module support: actually build the two thingies.
- During live reload: build the normal object file on an extra thread, to allow quicker restart.
- Add a good help screen, with examples.
- Use inotify to check for file changes while running in live reload mode.
- Replace a lot of uses of fs::path and std::string to not allocate.
- Test what happens with missing files and what should happen
- Support C style pch
- GCC support by adding an support for -fmodule-mapper: https://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/cxx-modules#CMI_Location.

- Allow specifing any .args file to add the content of that file as arguments.
-- Treats that as the base directory for any files referenced in there.
- namespace everything

- More sensible default warning maybe?1
